today we're gonna make bulgogi it's a
basically Korean barbecued meat now in
here I have half a cup of soy sauce and
a quarter cup of water water helps cut
the soy sauce down a little bit now I
have three three tablespoons of brown
sugar have some green onion 1 tablespoon
of sesame seeds I have two pieces of
ginger two slices of ginger that I've
peeled I've got four cloves of garlic
that I've crushed up well here's a tip
on some ginger I found an old piece of
ginger in refrigerator what I'm gonna do
is whenever I get done cooking the day
I'm gonna throw it down the garbage
disposal be the last thing I put in
there and that'll help keep the garbage
disposal smelling good anyway got three
tablespoons of apple sauce can't believe
I forgot what that was called anyway
pinch a black pepper
about a tablespoon sesame oil soy sauce
is just starting to bubble a little bit
let's go ahead and mix everything up
good
I want to heat the soy sauce up pretty
good but I don't really want to cook it
right now just want to make sure all the
sugar dissolves the garlic gets heated
up the ginger he gets heated up and all
that'll give off its flavor to the
marinade and here I have about half of a
large onion they're not really quite a
large onion a medium to large onion
sliced through pretty thin all right my
soy sauce is up good and hot again I'm
gonna pour this into the onion mix
all right and we'll let this cool down
I'll have my beef here let's just really
thinly sliced
I didn't slice it I bought it already
sliced from the Korean market I'm gonna
do cut it in the smaller piece I'm just
gonna cut these pieces in half maybe I
only going this way too
you know take my marinade don't take
throw these pieces of beef in there as
you can see my beef just barely fits in
my bowl but then I don't have any room
to mix it up so put it in a bigger ball
you can use this same marinade to make
Kobe just mix this up it's like I could
have made a little more marinade - I
think we're gonna be alright and then
we're gonna let this marinate for about
an hour
all right meats been marinating for a
while so we're gonna take some of this
meat and we're gonna cook it cook a
little bit more I want to have some
extra what you can do is you can just
put it in a ziploc bag and freeze it and
you can have some for later now you
would have some chopped che noodles in
here you put on water soak them for
about 20 minutes and then while it's
cooking it's just about done throwing it
in there my kids love them I like them
but I'm not gonna put any in there today
anyway we're just gonna let this keep
cooking
it started cooked down now even close
yeah I think that pretty much looks done
to me we'll need to cook it to nothing
anyway go ahead and turn that off we'll
get ready to eat all right time for a
taste test let's see what we got
or